# emotes

Do I really have to fuxking spell out how to form team.
I miss the old days, we didn’t need rules, guidelines or even a teamfinder. You’d just DM the boys a pic of your feet and they knew it was time to rumble. You’d all kick off ya shoes, open a 12 pack shot gun two of them back instantly because otherwise you’ve got more beers than waves & no one could be bothered with math. Even the splits were simple, no one had to count to ungodly numbers above 10. The wave would start you’d recline back into your chair, start chatting shit with the boys ready to down a flock of penance into the floor with a dds. No one ever thought  to overstock, or stressed about what time when to reach a log. Fuck it took about half an hour just to finish stocking in the first place, just enough time to read through the heal codes you had on a post it note in the corner of your screen. Even though you knew them off by heart because every code was just 1-5-1-1. The defender only ever staggered up outta the chair to take a piss waiting for your 90s healer reserve on wave 7. And the healer was the most sociable role, only ever spamming war chants as you’d skip over to the west side every wave 6+ to refresh the Bandos boys with another round of the old vial. And none of this dps coll shit, looking like a stripper in a skirt or some elf costume. They were chilling in their finest armour because they’d just spent about 6 minutes being tag teamed by the 12 reserves still alive on wave 3, slamming back a couple extra bourbon shots than the rest of the boys because they only had to pick up eggs for 4 waves to make points with all the vials. 90 minutes later you’re all hammered and you can’t remember anything other than you had a good time. That was customer 2/3 for the day but you’d made enough to buy a brand new mustang so you called it a day & went to spin your flax for 9 crafting. 

Everyone all about this sweaty duolog stuff lately & “sub 17s” but where’s the community, the spirit & the fkn brews

